lib/notes/asdf.md, before:

=======================================================
#MY TODO LIST for today

	1. Talk less, listen more, be more "impressed" than "impressive"
	2. Uplift and encourage through words and actions
	3. Assume the best of people first, (review 1 and 2)
	4. Before responding, Read, Listen, Pause (review 1-3)
	

invoice st mary for 2/27/2018

add libary to its own git repo
get it working from Heroku, so we don't have to deal w/separate Heroku branch (sans books)
	v1
		set up scrape of that library into swt-v3 refs
		use library locally
		scrape locally for folder names and filenames
		parse together urls, (using folder names and filenames) to read books online from github

	v2: 	use Cloudinary API for library upload and retrieval
	v3:		use AWS for same, for practice


learn node, mean, mongodb, express, do a project
get auth working on swt-sp4
get routing working on Heroku
start using Lunar pages for something

set up templates for web customers
	db, frameworks, host, options for scaling
	package up services
	target markets
	low entry for prototypes
		get to know how we work // and we get to know how you articulate your needs 


#House keeping
	Invoice St Mary's
	Bank deposit
	Scottrade acct move money
	SmithPiano mailer
	Pay bills
	Property:	Ready for sale by April 2018 Attic, soffits, barns, poolhouse, house interior
		Make shelves for kitchen pantry cabinet:  14 3/8" x 22 3/4"
	Prep:			Ready to bugout; Off-grid power, heat, food & water; Mobile bugout vehicle; Self defense; Malaysia option

=======================================================
#Health
	Planning & Solitude 	
	Work out at PF
	170lbs Vegan, Eat, drink, exercise, meditate, read; Family
	Hold your tongue, Use your mind
	Stop performing for people
	
=======================================================
#Reading list
    Launch school
        Read Mastery - George Leonard
    Do Coursera - Learn How to Learn course
    The Guiding Hand
    Governed by Mastery learning principles
    Governed by A Mind for Numbers learning principles
		Pragmatic Programmer
		Code Smells

=======================================================
#SmithPiano
	SmithPiano mailing
	Tune: 		1 per day	Postcards, emails, letters to clients, teachers, churches, schools, music stores
	Teach: 		1 per day	Studio, site, resume, samples, refs; Content: Jazz Piano, Intro, Left Hand, Improv, Tech
	Play: 		Brad Smith Trio: My grooves, tunes and gigs

=======================================================
#Tech
	Finish Udemy React course
	Udemy Node course
	Udemy Python course
	Udemy PHP course
	[Redcarpet](https://github.com/vmg/redcarpet)

=======================================================
#Projects
	Get Router working on Heroku and Firebase
	SWT-SP4: 									new smithpiano scheduling site
	Service Scheduler: 				Mobile, GoogleAPI, OnlineDB
	Curation Tech Library: 		funnel all tech leads
	Interactive Visual Stim: 	D3, Codepen, Jud
	Multiple API connector: 	blind date via unconventional API data 
	POS Store:								RegisterInventoryBarCodeScan
	Job Search CRM:						Dashboard & curation
	Music Studio:							Admin, Library, ParsePDF, LoadPDF, LessonView

=======================================================
#Flatiron
	Rails, OmniAuth, Devise, Pundit, Nested Forms
	jQuery practice
	Sinatra
	TA prep track

=======================================================
#Career prep track - Martha Bloem-Reddy
	Resume, LinkedIn, Blog, Branding, Portfolio
	Breadth Topics: Algorithms, Trivia, Breadth, Topics, PHP, Python, Java, D3, Docker, Node, MEAN, SQL, C#, .NET, ColdFusion, Angular, Vue, git chops
  Alog practice: Codewars, Hackerrank
  Incorporate tips from "How to be a No-Brainer Hire"
	What Every Developer Should Know: watch first videos, read first few articles

=======================================================
#Blog
	Outline a blog
	Move an existing blog further along
  Blogging workflow using existing placeholders in this app
  	Use the 'blank.md' template for basic outline
		, prefilled with styles 
  
	organize wiki data model
    feed the funnel with topics, sub-topics, ideas that are ripe
    prioritize the funnel, pick one, elaborate its outline and summary
    pick one of those and fill in some detail on first few sub-topics

tekWiki
tekAppt
tekPos
tekTutor

=======================================================
#smithWEBtek
	Get a paid project	Web development; portfolio worthy; referenceable
	Set up hosting	LunarPages, AWS, Heroku, Netlify, Firebase
	Steve Phaneuf	Build a POS w/data backend that he can sell

=======================================================
#Network	
	CodeForBoston													open source coding
	Manchester JS													network
	Boston JS / ProjectJS									network
	Dave Hall	Tech, Forcivity							network
	Ken Steinberg, Cambridge Associates		tech mentor, network
	Matt Zagaja, CodeForBoston						tech mentor, network
	Alex Merritt													tech mentor, network
	James Rogers, Wayfair									network, job contact
	Greg Stout, author of Drupal books 		network, tech mentor				

=======================================================
#Dream Job Description
	Iterative prototyping meaningful projects daily, weekly, monthly
	Javascript, RoR, React, Redux, Python, PHP, Java
	Small, nimble group, led by leaders/teachers
	Study growth path directed by leaders/teachers
	Mix of onsite and remote

	Build things that help people:
		• ...who need help and are already trying to help themselves
		• ...to reinforce family, duty, responsibility.
		• ...to make music, teach music, experience music

	Data modelling 
	Business modelling
	Apps for small business data and daily operations
	Translating business logic to project specs
	Robotics related(?)
	Internet of Things related(?)
	Non-profit, mission-related:
		• special needs people
		• 3rd world countries
		• elder care
		• youth training
			○ building trades, coding, music and art
			○ citizenship, history, finance, health, philosophy
		• middle age retraining
		• survival life skills / community building

=======================================================

Commit message:

Update wiki refs scraping methods

lib/notes/asdf.md, after:

=======================================================
#MY TODO LIST for today

1. Talk less, listen more, be more "impressed" than "impressive"
2. Uplift and encourage through words and actions
3. Assume the best of people first, (review 1 and 2)
4. Before responding: Pause, Read, Listen, Love (review 1-3)
5. Taking offense is NEVER productive. 
6. If you are right, foregoing the opportunity to fight lets Time, The Universe and Karma make your case better than you ever could.


invoice st mary for 2/27/2018

add libary to its own git repo
get it working from Heroku, so we don't have to deal w/separate Heroku branch (sans books)
store new books in /Users/brad/dev/books (which is a git repo)
commit changes 

swt-v3 scrapes git repo for list of books, folder and url
swt-v3 displays the new book in a link in the refs list



	v1
		set up scrape of that library into swt-v3 refs
		use library locally
		scrape locally for folder names and filenames
		parse together urls, (using folder names and filenames) to read books online from github

	v2: 	use Cloudinary API for library upload and retrieval
	v3:		use AWS for same, for practice


learn node, mean, mongodb, express, do a project
get auth working on swt-sp4
get routing working on Heroku
start using Lunar pages for something

set up templates for web customers
	db, frameworks, host, options for scaling
	package up services
	target markets
	low entry for prototypes
		get to know how we work // and we get to know how you articulate your needs 


#House keeping
	Invoice St Mary's
	Bank deposit
	Scottrade acct move money
	SmithPiano mailer
	Pay bills
	Property:	Ready for sale by April 2018 Attic, soffits, barns, poolhouse, house interior
		Make shelves for kitchen pantry cabinet:  14 3/8" x 22 3/4"
	Prep:			Ready to bugout; Off-grid power, heat, food & water; Mobile bugout vehicle; Self defense; Malaysia option

=======================================================
#Health
	Planning & Solitude 	
	Work out at PF
	170lbs Vegan, Eat, drink, exercise, meditate, read; Family
	Hold your tongue, Use your mind
	Stop performing for people
	
=======================================================
#Reading list
    Launch school
        Read Mastery - George Leonard
    Do Coursera - Learn How to Learn course
    The Guiding Hand
    Governed by Mastery learning principles
    Governed by A Mind for Numbers learning principles
		Pragmatic Programmer
		Code Smells

=======================================================
#SmithPiano
	SmithPiano mailing
	Tune: 		1 per day	Postcards, emails, letters to clients, teachers, churches, schools, music stores
	Teach: 		1 per day	Studio, site, resume, samples, refs; Content: Jazz Piano, Intro, Left Hand, Improv, Tech
	Play: 		Brad Smith Trio: My grooves, tunes and gigs

=======================================================
#Tech
	Finish Udemy React course
	Udemy Node course
	Udemy Python course
	Udemy PHP course
	[Redcarpet](https://github.com/vmg/redcarpet)

=======================================================
#Projects
	Get Router working on Heroku and Firebase
	SWT-SP4: 									new smithpiano scheduling site
	Service Scheduler: 				Mobile, GoogleAPI, OnlineDB
	Curation Tech Library: 		funnel all tech leads
	Interactive Visual Stim: 	D3, Codepen, Jud
	Multiple API connector: 	blind date via unconventional API data 
	POS Store:								RegisterInventoryBarCodeScan
	Job Search CRM:						Dashboard & curation
	Music Studio:							Admin, Library, ParsePDF, LoadPDF, LessonView

=======================================================
#Flatiron
	Rails, OmniAuth, Devise, Pundit, Nested Forms
	jQuery practice
	Sinatra
	TA prep track

=======================================================
#Career prep track - Martha Bloem-Reddy
	Resume, LinkedIn, Blog, Branding, Portfolio
	Breadth Topics: Algorithms, Trivia, Breadth, Topics, PHP, Python, Java, D3, Docker, Node, MEAN, SQL, C#, .NET, ColdFusion, Angular, Vue, git chops
  Alog practice: Codewars, Hackerrank
  Incorporate tips from "How to be a No-Brainer Hire"
	What Every Developer Should Know: watch first videos, read first few articles

=======================================================
#Blog
	Outline a blog
	Move an existing blog further along
  Blogging workflow using existing placeholders in this app
  	Use the 'blank.md' template for basic outline
		, prefilled with styles 
  
	organize wiki data model
    feed the funnel with topics, sub-topics, ideas that are ripe
    prioritize the funnel, pick one, elaborate its outline and summary
    pick one of those and fill in some detail on first few sub-topics

tekWiki
tekAppt
tekPos
tekTutor

=======================================================
#smithWEBtek
	Get a paid project	Web development; portfolio worthy; referenceable
	Set up hosting	LunarPages, AWS, Heroku, Netlify, Firebase
	Steve Phaneuf	Build a POS w/data backend that he can sell

=======================================================
#Network	
	CodeForBoston													open source coding
	Manchester JS													network
	Boston JS / ProjectJS									network
	Dave Hall	Tech, Forcivity							network
	Ken Steinberg, Cambridge Associates		tech mentor, network
	Matt Zagaja, CodeForBoston						tech mentor, network
	Alex Merritt													tech mentor, network
	James Rogers, Wayfair									network, job contact
	Greg Stout, author of Drupal books 		network, tech mentor				

=======================================================
#Dream Job Description
	Iterative prototyping meaningful projects daily, weekly, monthly
	Javascript, RoR, React, Redux, Python, PHP, Java
	Small, nimble group, led by leaders/teachers
	Study growth path directed by leaders/teachers
	Mix of onsite and remote

	Build things that help people:
		• ...who need help and are already trying to help themselves
		• ...to reinforce family, duty, responsibility.
		• ...to make music, teach music, experience music

	Data modelling 
	Business modelling
	Apps for small business data and daily operations
	Translating business logic to project specs
	Robotics related(?)
	Internet of Things related(?)
	Non-profit, mission-related:
		• special needs people
		• 3rd world countries
		• elder care
		• youth training
			○ building trades, coding, music and art
			○ citizenship, history, finance, health, philosophy
		• middle age retraining
		• survival life skills / community building

=======================================================
